Sawamura
Spring Tournament
Where are you going?
Huh? Oh, I've got club.
But all your matches ended yesterday.
Huh?
Wait, wait, wait...
Asahi... Azumane Asahi.
Suga... Suga
Kurokawa-san! Tashiro-san! Hey!
Heya.
Why are you playing basketball?
Why? This is the basketball team's gym.
Wh-What about the volleyball team?
Where's everyone else?
Who are you talking about?
Who...
You're the only one on the volleyball team.
That sucked...
Tuesday
That was the worst possible
first dream of the year.
Haikyu!!
Episode 9: Everyone's Night
Happy New Year
I got here way too early.
We're not supposed to meet
for another thirty minutes.
Happy New Year
Wait, sorry...
Did I get the time wrong?
No, not at all.
Happy New Year.
It's out first time doing a shrine visit
for the first of the year together.
This is literally the first!
So, wait. What was last year's, then?
Just a random shrine visit?
Hey, come on, already!
No! You need to calm down, Suga!
And you should at least react a little.
You're barely even breathing.
I'm gonna go pick a fortune.
Me, too. I can't remember
the last time I did.
What about you, Asahi?
I'd get pretty depressed
if I picked a bad one...
You'll be fine. You're over-thinking it.
Number Forty-Nine
Curse       Luck
Seriously?!
That's some skill.
If you got "great curse," it'd
actually be funnier or even lucky,
but you got a plain, boring "curse."
It's like one of those morning news fortunes.
Shut up! What the hell
did you two get, then?!
Future blessing.
That's way more plain and boring!
Come to think of it,
when you go to a shrine, you're supposed
to be thankful for everyday things,
rather than ask the gods for things.
Huh? But I asked for so many things...
Like, concerning our matches,
and even my future.
I even asked for good health
for the old dog next door.
The gods probably think
I'm super annoying now.
The gods aren't that unforgiving.
I mean, I don't blame you
for at least asking for us to win.
It's not like asking the gods
to help will win our matches.
Uh, Shimizu...
Right now? Did you really have
to bring that up right now?
Don't worry.
Even if the gods don't
help us, we'll be fine.
Yes!
Received messages
1/1 10:00
Hinata Shoyo
No subject
I'm going on a New Year's shrine visit
with Yamaguchi so we can wish
for certain victory. Wanna come??
No.
Miyagi Prefecture
Karasuno High School
It was just a dream.
I know that.
I know that, but...
Just in case...
You've got a lot to learn, Hinata.
Damn it!
Call me Ryu of the Hagoita.
Nice, Ryu!
Here I go! Hup!
Take this!
That's nothing!
Sorry!
Ah, Daichi-san.
Daichi-san!
Captain!
Heyo.
What are you guys doing?
The gym's not open today.
I swung by after my New Year's
shrine visit and ran into everyone!
I just swung by during my jog.
I ran away from my drunk sister.
I was looking for a worthy new challenger!
Seriously, are you guys like tuna?
Huh?
I'm asking if you'd die
if you had to stay still.
Go on. Your days off are
meant to be for resting!
I'll kick your butts if you catch a cold.
What are you doing here, Daichi-san?
I came to make sure the basketball
team didn't take over our court.
Huh?
Honestly...
Sawamura?
Hey!
Ikejiri!
I watched the finals on TV.
You guys were amazing.
Ah...
What? You nervous?
Yeah... I'm super nervous.
Just the fact that you beat Shiratorizawa
and are going to nationals is amazing.
There's no reason to feel any pressure.
Just relax and go do your best.
Just kidding.
I'm seriously counting on you, Sawamura.
Just don't forget...
Everyone's watching you.
You'd better win! For our sake, as well.
Yeah.
Huh?
I always get way too scared.
There's no way I'm alone!
We depart!!      Spring Tournament
I'm off!
Haikyu!!
That's the actual...
...Skytree!
It's huge!
Hey! We're going to be dropping off
our luggage at the inn,
then we're going to be lightly
warming up at the gym
The big city!
that Nekomata-sensei arranged.
Listen up. I'm sure you know this,
but don't you dare cause
a ruckus at the inn.
Right...
All right. We're almost there.
Great job enduring the trip.
Thanks!
Seriously?
This is the inn?! Holy crap!
Jaybird Inn
Sweet! We're totally gonna
see a house ghost here!
Let's go explore!
Yeah!
Right.
Bring it!
Hey, that was totally gettable!
Right!
Is it me, or is there less oxygen here?
Um, we're not in the mountains, so...
Make sure you're breathing, Asahi!
Looks like all the nervous ones
are already getting antsy.
I thought that Hinata-kun had gotten used
to keeping his nerves in check,
but I guess they can't help it, since
it's their first national tournament.
Hitoka-chan, let's remember to breathe.
But this is exactly why
I treated Tattsan to some beer.
There's no reason to worry.
Jaybird Inn
There's something I want you guys to see.
Are we going to be analyzing
our opponents for the first match?
No, not right now.
What we're going to be watching is
Takinoue Electric Shop's very own
Fly
"I'm Awesome Video."
Menu
Chapters
This is a collection of your very best plays.
Sawamura Daichi
Play
Sugawara Koshi
We have some from all of you.
Play
Azumane Asahi
Holy crap!
I wanna see!
Oh, man! That's cool!
Th-This song...
Th-This is much higher quality
than I was expecting...
Do they all actually get
their own theme songs?
Tattsan even checked with their
family and friends ahead of time.
Karasuno's Guardian Deity
I thought we were going to be analyzing our
opponents right up until game time, but...
There's no point if we aren't
able to give our all.
I'm gonna have you boys
engrave your best selves
into your brains with
these videos and music.
Being able to think back
on this is incredible important.
Jaybird Inn
Well, I'm gonna go have a
meeting with Sensei and Coach.
Make sure you keep an eye on
the troublemakers, Ennoshita.
Got it.
What the heck? Why aren't you
asking me, the vice captain?
You're just going to encourage them, so no.
Boo.
Kageyama?! Where are you going?
I'm going for a jog.
I also haven't moved around enough
today, so I'm gonna go, too!
Huh?
Wait, you can't!
No, seriously, you two can't go!
It's the wastelands of Tokyo out there!
But if they don't go running and
have trouble sleeping tonight,
that'll be troublesome, too.
Tsukishima!
Not happening.
I haven't even said anything yet!
Weren't you going to ask
me to go with them?
You've been wandering around yourself,
so you're probably antsy, too.
Do you really think I can
keep up with those two?
Thank you very much.
Oh, don't worry about it!
Use it as much as you want.
It's pretty beat up, though.
Thank you.
As soon as I say we're heading
back, we're heading back.
If you don't listen,
I'll make sure to leave you somewhere
with limited public transportation
so you'll have a tough time getting back.
Even then, you'd probably
never find this inn.
Got it...
Karasuno High School
Volleyball Club
Looks like Hinata and Kageyama
are going for a jog.
You're not going, Yamaguchi-kun?
Nah, I feel more at ease
watching these videos.
You're studying here, too, Suga-san?
Yeah, I always study right about this time.
You're so calm. That's so cool!
Or rather, I'm studying
so that I can stay calm.
It's basically like a routine.
Asahi, how many times are you going
to watch our "I'm Awesome Video"?
I mean, these are all just so cool.
I mean, these are all my teammates?
Anyone who saw this would be like,
"Holy crap! Karasuno's the best!"
Playing right into Ukai-san's hands, I see...
What's up with you two?
Humanity
I mean... Kiyoko-san is
enjoying her bath right now!
How can we stay calm at a time like this?!
If I let my guard down,
my fantasies are going to overwrite
all the images in my head
from the "I'm Awesome Video"!
Humanity
Me, too!
I'm pretty sure you two could keep both of
those things in your minds without a problem.
Women's
Bath
I'm so nervous when it's just the two of us.
I need to think of something to say!
U-Um... You still wear black tights with
your summer uniform, right, Shimizu-senpai?
Doesn't that get hot?
Um...
Oh, my gosh! I'm so sorry for
commenting on your wardrobe!
I'm going for a run!
Uh, wait?!
I have a lot of scars on my legs.
I started wearing tights to hide them,
and just got used to wearing them.
Scars?
I was a hurdler on the track team,
But I would trip over the
hurdles more than others.
My arms are okay,
but I've got plenty of scars on my legs.
Hurdles... That's so cool!
So they're like badges of honor!
I'm so sorry! I can't believe
I called scars "badges of honor!"
What is this, a battlefield?!
That makes me really happy.
Huh?
Our junior high track team was huge,
and I'm not to the best at talking to people.
It's not like I had any juniors
I was particularly close to.
And even when I first joined
the Karasuno volleyball club,
it's not like I had another
younger manager with me.
You're the first person I've been able
to talk to like this, Hitoka-chan.
And...
There's not much time left.
Tomorrow night, after we win our first match,
let's come back to this bath again.
Yeah!
The National High School
Volleyball Tournament,
otherwise known as the Spring Tournament.
The National High School Volleyball Tournament
Considered by some to be like a
baseball team playing at Koshien Stadium,
it's one of the most highly-observed
volleyball tournaments.
We're here!
This is the stage were the
Little Giant fought!
Uh, the place where you said you saw
the Little Giant compete isn't here.
It's in Yoyogi.
Okay, shut up! I'm talking about the mood!
The mood is what's important!
Whoa!
Is this...
Could this be the lucky pervy incident
I've always dreamed about?
Otherwise known as...
A lucky perv.
I'm sorry. There's just
nothing I can do about this.
Thank you, God.
Thank you, Shoyo—
Are you all right?
Yes! I'm fine!
Oh hey, Kanoka! It's been a while!
H-Hey, Ryu-chan!
Ryu, you know her?
Yeah. She's one of Niiyama Girls'
High School's wing spikers.
Have you been well?
How long has it been?
Since fourth grade?
Yeah.
I see you're as huge... as... ever...
She's matured... so much.
And Tanaka's turned to stone.
I thought it was weird for Tanaka to
be able to speak to a girl so casually.
It appears that he just now
realized that she's a girl.
Well, that's rude.
Well, let's both do our best, Ryu-chan!
Y-Yeah...
Hey, Kageyama. 'Sup?
Komori-san.
It's been a while.
Whoa, even Kageyama knows someone.
Yeah. How you doin'?
Good.
They must've been together at the youth camp.
You're not nervous?
I think that's Komori Motoya.
No.
That's impressive.
Is this your second Spring
Tournament, Komori-san?
I saw him listed as the top high school
libero in Monthly Volleyball.
Yup. But I'm still not used to it.
Sakusa-san's not with you?
Sakusa's over there.
He absolutely hates crowds.
Hey, hey, hey!
Hinata, hey!
Bokuto-san!
So you've finally made it,
my number one pupil!
Hinata, you can tell him when he's wrong.
That's Bokuto from Fukurodani.
What's up, Hinata? You nervous?
He's definitely got a presence.
Yup!
I see, I see.
His pupil? Does he mean that
wide-eyed shrimp? Who is that?
Bokuto-san.
But listen up, Hinata.
I'm not gonna go easy on you
once the net's between us.
Right!
Tsukki! Tsukki! Tsukki?
Hey, Tsukki, did you get
taller? You did, huh?
Yo.
Did you finally see the real Skytree?
You country bumpkin crows.
Oh, dear me. Are you actually
nervous, Sawamura-san?
Pretty sure talking too much is
a sign of nervousness, Kuroo-san.
Thank you for waiting.
We will now begin the opening ceremonies
for the National High School
Volleyball Tournament,
otherwise known as the Spring Tournament.
The championship flags are now entering.
And the 47 representative schools from
across Japan are now entering, as well.
Hokkaido
Ohya Tech
Hokkaido's first representative,
boys, Ohya Tech.
Of course, everyone's nervous.
But you need to be calm, Ukai-kun.
I know that.
Hokkaido's second representative,
boys, Morikawa High School.
You need to go to the bathroom again?
No!
Miyagi Prefecture's representative...
Miyagi
Karasuno
Boys, Karasuno High School.
Girls, Niiyama Girls' High School.
Fukushima Prefecture's representative...
Boys, Furukata High School.
Girls, Iwaki Girls' High School.
It's starting.
The battle on the orange court!
Episode 10: Battle Lines
Next time: "Battle Lines."